Update troubleshooting.md (#504)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/testing/troubleshooting.md

1. [Check that your browser is supported](platform-limits.md#browser-support).
1. [Ensure third-party cookies are enabled](platform-limits.md#third-party-cookies).
1. [Ensure that your admin has not disabled Office Scripts in the Microsoft 365 admin center](/microsoft-365/admin/manage/manage-office-scripts-settings).

> 1. Ensure you're not logged in as an external user on an guest tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure you're not logged in as an external or guest user to your tenant.
```
